Hey, everyone.
Hope everyone's doing well.
And in the next set of videos,
we're gonna show you how to flash
Android using fastboot through a Linux
system, through a Mac actually, yeah.
And so the first thing we're gonna do
is go to the 96boards.org website and
download all the different
binary files that we need to,
that are going to be flashed
onto the DragonBoard.
>> Yeah, once we've downloaded everything,
we're going to take you into one of
the boot scripts that actually,
that they provide for us.
We're going to modify it a little bit.
We're going to create a path variable to
the fastboot that we have on
our system through the SDK.
All of this stuff you've
kind of learned before.
We're just gonna kinda
do a little bit extra.
And then we're going to boot
the board up into fastboot and
flash everything over onto it,
so by the end of this lesson you should
be running your Android operating system.
>> And see you in the next video with
downloading all the Android binaries.